Anyone know of a way that has no chance of failure, is decently quick and is not a gun? It would be much appreciated Painless way except gun?-3|I have horrible ocd (pureo) and it constantly bothers me. I cannot be happy for more than 10 mins a day. I am miserable. I cannot even kill myself because people would miss me. I wish I could kill myself-3|Someone please talk to me right now I need help-3|To me, its all I think about when I think about what I lost, its just a matter of when and how at this point. I have never felt that I want to do it this much before-2|I am not excited, I am not happy for him, i just want to get this over with and get on to the next day My brother is getting married today and i feel absolutely nothing-2|You ever have them hang up on you because your life is too fucked up??? First and I guess the last time I call them Suicide hotline-3|People suck. it is really hard for me to give a fuck when this is the world I have to go out into. Story on news, 3 people in my town killed a kitten for fun. So over this world.-1|I have literally no one and I am just so fucking tired. I do not want to be here anymore. I am trying to decide if I should kill myself or not.-3|Postpartum depression has got me by the throat. The medicine, therapy, support group, etc. have all failed. I think I might do it tonight…-3|So I have epilepsy and other various health conditions. If I refuse my medication, and tell my provider that, would that be grounds for them to get me put in a psych unit against my will? Death by refusing medication-3|I am a joke to everyone. i am a dissapointment to my parents and my friend. i hate living. but I am to scared to kill myself. I am a disgrace-3|Help me for ideas simple healthy meals to make when you feel depressed Simple meals when feeling depressed-1|Just feeling real low today or atleast for the past few hours. It sucks. Hope you are alright Okay-1|Its wrong. Its a humiliation. do not make me keep living-3|I am the because of all of the world's problems and the worst person ever. I murdered millions of people by causing the pandemic. I should die by lethal injection-3|Even though we have never met. I love and care for you with my whole heart. I am sorry I am not there to bare with you in the pain your facing. One day one day well be free from this hell.. but not today.. just get one more day in Remember this-3|Anytime something bad happens:My brain: This is what you deserve, you horrible person. You should not exist, you should kill yourself to alleviate your burden on others. Idiot.Anytime something good happens:My brain: You do not deserve this. I hate you. You should kill yourself.I literally can never win I hate myself-3|32 years of fight and I have not got another round in me. I give up . I throw In the towel.. I thought having my son 7 years ago would give me enough purpose but that bad seed in my brain just keeps growing. What was the point of any of this? Game over-3|people make fun of me because I am lonely i do not talk to people and it is embarrassing i want to be dead being lonely is so embarrassing-3|And I cannot pretend anymore that they do not make me feel like shit. Them telling me otherwise does not make me feel any better or that it is a joke. does not matter to me it hurts my feelings and I am tired of convincing myself that it does not. I feel like my friends hate me-2|Maybe I am just a sociopath. what is wrong with me? My grandmother died and everyone seemed so shocked at her funer. I was simply standing there dead inside, as always. I do not know, maybe I am not capable of guilt. Everyone was crying except me. Am I a monster?-2|Is life even worth living like this? I am 21 years old and no one likes me-2|A fucking monster I am evil-3|I keep trying to put it away or throw the knife away but it is like an addiction even though i can never bring myself to actually cut How do i stop myself from trying to cut in the shower-3|we are all adults and we are allowed to post what we want, but for some reason I feel like my throat fell into my stomach. I found naked pictures of my best friend on the internet and I just feel numb.-2|I hope you die a horrible painful death as soon as possible To the guy who reported my post which lead to my acc getting banned-3|Fuck my feelings. Fuck my thoughts. They are not real. I am nothing. I am just a flesh puppet acting out the will of causality. All glory to god. Mind is not to be trusted-3|Anyone else feel like making friends in your 20s after university is pretty much impossible? I feel like a loser asking to join in with others, like a kid who did not get asked to the party at school Friends-2|Someone from this Reddit just called me ugly and told me to go to hell for no reason bestie this is a Reddit for suicidal people but thanks for making it worse Yikes-3|I am going to Kill myself today by carbon monoxide poisoning but I am not really sure how to do it can someone explain please. Please help me Suicide-3|I have been wronged. I never asked to be born. I have suffered a lot. I want revenge. My birth was a mistake-3|To those who have attempted, how did you get over the fear? How do I get over the fear-3|I am just done. I have accepted that I do not exist. I do not care if other people care about me. I am just miserable. And I do not want to put in the effort to make change. I am too tired. I am tired of everything. I just want to sleep. there is no reason to go on when you do not even want to-1|I have been seeing a therapist for almost a year now. i do not think its gotten better. do not have many friends, and i cannot talk to others about this for more than 10 minutes. what am i going to do? what options do i have?-1|If I could I would kill you all. There you go. that is how I truly feel. I hate humans-3|I feel so empty. I feel like I am machine. I am sick of repeating the same thing every day.you can easily quit playing games when you got bored of it, and I want to quit my life. I do not want to live-3|why do i feel so sad. i feel so lost and lonely. please, someone. anyone. help me. either kill me ir save me.i want to be saved. i want to be comforted. i want to make friends.i want to cry.i want it all to be over.I am too scared to die. could some one kill me? make me die painlessly? please?help me. please. I am not okay.-3|Nothing is worth it, I try so hard and all for nothing. I try my best to be true to me, but still I am unwanted. I want to die I want to be missed, I just want to be wanted.But I am nothing Nothing-3|My friends reported me to the school counselors for my thoughts/behavior, expressing that I have been wanting to die. They contacted my parents of course and they took away my phone there is a reason why I did not tell them T-T what the heck-3
